[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Laughter] [
Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music] [
Music] [
Laughter] [
Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music] [
Laughter]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music
] Pam Pam P pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pamam pam [Music] pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam
[Music]
paramam
P
[Music] What a
little music that has fallen today What's up How are
we doing Well well well what a
cold I have kid can't you
play this music for us at 5 in the afternoon Thank goodness you
caught me with a coffee
in my hand Look, I'm having a
soda but to tell you the truth what
music eh what music well let's see it
was for while The Movida It's that I have
a cold that I don't know if I'm going to
last long live eh I mean I have
a cold that bothers me to
talk it bothers me a lot to
talk but how good You can see
me you look really cool dude I look really
cool my dude but I have a very cold
I have a very cold and it overwhelms me a lot to
talk
with my nose so blocked with this
nasal blow no so well excuse me
if it sounds bad or I express myself badly today
but it is what it is
how long has it been Javi I
put on at all times Cris realize
that I have the defenses dishes
always the subject of chom well it's a subject of
defenses and then well I am
very sensitive I am very
sensitive
I am very delicate Have one
desloratadine Andy What is that I don't know what it is I do
n't know what it is I'm going to the movies
in a while that's why I started straight away I'm
going to the movies in a
while let's see here let me plug in the
phone Javi I just saw your
Camila video Maybe I'll do a live with
Trium about the subject too I was
talking to him right now
it's an
anti-allergy anti-allergy anti-allergy
for the
cold since You're on a diet you're
always eating something you see I eat
everything eh I mean carmenchu ​​don't you think
I'm eating lettuce or anything I'm
eating everything everything all kinds of
food check the title go on what
have you eaten for the breja No no it's just too
sad the Camila issue
very sad very sad the Camila issue
very regrettable I was commenting on the subject
deeply on telesalseo
m and I'll probably do a live with
Trium I don't know if we'll have time to do it
tonight because I'm going to the movies and he's
also going to leave but the thing is I
spoke to him right now and I was
opening the live Then  I haven't been
able to talk much but maybe
we'll do a live stream today eh whatever time it is the one
with Camila Edgar I uploaded it to
telesalseo which is where I deal more or
less with the
events So when they have to be
hyperion a kiss Although it was possible to give it a
video for the main channel dba
for video for the main channel in
plan to treat it well because information doesn't stop
coming out and and I don't know what's
behind that case the truth
But we'll probably do a
good live stream trion and I on telesalseo I don't know if
we'll have time tonight
and if not tomorrow probably eh
probably if the subject continues to be
discussed probably if not
tonight Tomorrow I'll do a live stream with trium
eh you know that trium is the best to
deal with trind Okay so I've already spoken
with him he uploaded a video to his channel yesterday
and I was just talking to him now
while there was a live stream So I haven't been
able to specify much but maybe and
we get into the mood today and what happens is that of
course it's a subject that has to be prepared
so I don't know if I'll have time because I'm
going to the cinema this afternoon and I don't know what
time I'll be back I would have to prepare it
okay it's that there is  a lot of info behind And I'm
still not clear what it is
well I'm not clear
nobody is clear What's going on I'll play What are you doing what time
is it there I'll play what time is it for
Colombia So I'll see later we'll see
later yes it's true that eh I brought you
precisely this to to show you the
story of the little dog no What a shame
animals always How good
little dogs are it turns out that the murderer I think we
can no longer talk about alleged no
because obviously she is the one
responsible and and I think I think it's
clear no longer but well between sauce I have
given you all the context of what has
happened uh even a story has come out of
what there is no It turns out that
finally the taxi driver is the partner or in other words
the taxi driver is he is
not boyfriend because he said he was boyfriend
but he
is a lover because he leads another life
married and with children, I mean he has
recent children in fact and he has a lover who
was the murderer this And
then It turns out that they kidnap the
girl and with the girl dead they were
asking for a ransom from the family of
15,000 let's go 15,000 You  you think that's
eh money man
a little girl lost her life God knows how Because I
still think it's not known I saw
a tet somewhere that said something about
aficia but since I haven't read it from a
reliable source No I don't know if it's like that but
for
15,000 And on top of that they were asking for
15,000 with the girl already dead ok well
anyway I brought you this The dog is already
receiving medical attention at
a veterinarian in
Taxco he presented several tumors and
malnutrition and a
new home is being sought for him there is a donor who is
taking care of all the expenses if you
want to support with something you can
contact me or I mean the murderer's dog
in the house was the
woman with
her two adult children a
teenager her four children okay And another one
was the 10 year old girl who is the one they
use as a hook to bring
Camila home and of course it's very clear Mr.
Tochi a kiss it's very clear that the two
children have some involvement no
minimum cover-up I don't know how
the cover-up issue will go in Mexico here in
Spain if they are first degree relatives I
don't know I don't know to what  point you
know but that's where That's where
the issue is about why of course There's
a big, very delicate debate there's a big,
very delicate debate on the issue of
lynching not because they killed the
murderer the entire neighborhood took her
from the house her and her two
adult children were left inside the house
trust all the bad time they would go through not
the teenage daughter and the
10-year-old and they beat her
terribly all the neighbors But well
kicks kicks in the head to the two
children and And her especially her okay they
actually kill her the
murderer eh There's a big debate about that although
obviously when I think when I
think about certain cases I would say host
Well I wish here in Spain the police
hadn't arrived in time to
arrest the murderers or the murderer and it
would have fallen into the hands of the family or
the neighborhood okay I think about it
a lot although obviously I don't feel
sorry for that kidnapper no and
murderer It seems fine to me that she
takes that job there's nothing
that there's something that contradicts me
no because of course I think that
everyone needs a trial because what if the
story of course and if the story has a
twist
and if the children really got beaten
up, the two adult children
and if they didn't know and if they
weren't involved and got beaten
up
anyway I don't know is it violence with
violence I mean once it's
insured in any case no if you tell me
that it's 100% insured has there been a
trial no and there's no doubt
living in the house and they don't know no I don't
believe it ldel surely yes it's
complicated but I'm not the judge and if
suddenly it appears that the two
adult children arrived home in
the morning and had no idea and the mother
was playing with them too the
mother was telling them
look this little girl has disappeared I
think the police also wanted me to
lynch him me Me too me too the
police are there neither act nor
act firmly no I don't know the truth I have
mixed feelings about this issue
on the one hand because it doesn't make me feel sorry at all that
someone is mistreated like that but on the
other
hand on the other hand I consider that it is very
important that there is a trial at
least first there is a trial if you
want to put the murderer in the hands of the
family You know, that's fine by me.
But what if and
if and if and if you know what I'm telling you the
first thing is that the two
daughters are inside the
house. There are the two daughters who
may not be to blame for what
the mother did. We're not talking about a
10-year-old girl and a
teenager. The two sons, I don't know, I've
been trying to find out
what involvement the children have and the
only thing that is known about the children is that they
were inside the house with their
mother when the police, no, they haven't arrested her
yet and if the sons arrived
home or were at work and don't know
anything about the daughters, no, the daughters, they haven't
swore them to me, I don't know, I have feelings, it's
a very delicate debate, eh, it's a very delicate debate, it
's a very delicate debate,
but I think that I'm more inclined and it's
obviously not about defending the
murderer, okay,
eh, because if that happens to someone
close to me, I'll probably go to jail,
okay,
eh, but I think that I think that I think there
should be a trial. I
think that  I think I think it's a
failed state what happened there I'll
play it what do you think send me a send me
an audio bro send me an audio I think
you think you're a lawyer and And you're there in
Latin I think it's a failed state that I think that has
been a failed state I mean
justice hasn't acted not
even the
authorities for me eh a person like that
what they deserve is the death penalty and
and that it takes a long time or rather that they spend many
years on death row
knowing that they're going to
die for me eh For me I think that's
better than lynching because in the
end I don't know how long
the lynching and the beating would take But he
really suffered for a long
time for me for me for me I don't think
that I'm more attracted to the no eh apart from the
eh Because of course here we let ourselves go we let ourselves
go because of the heat not because of
indignation no eh because of rage no but
despite the rage of course I think that it has
been a
failed state is that people knew because there was a
video
Elvia of the mother Yes there is the video of the mother
eh that he's lying no that the
girl did enter his house and he lies
saying no that she was never
in his house and then he takes the bags no yes
yes of the mother Yes and of the taxi driver that
the taxi driver By the way he gets away with
it he's currently under arrest and
the taxi driver is an accomplice but let's go
100% the lover no
but apart from the fact that I understand the rage and
the
anger I'm more drawn to the issue that the law
has to work
well these things happen because people
are tired of a justice system that guarantees
the rights of criminals
over the
victims I don't I don't look out for the
rights I'm telling you that I
agree with the death penalty
I agree with the
death penalty in a case like this
not only with the death penalty
I agree with a prison like
Secot for those types of
crimes okay
eh There are crimes that are of one type and there are
other crimes that are of another type there are
the crimes of fraud, robbery,
I don't know, not paying a pension
eh an assault okay an assault that no,
no, that is not a murder nor is it  a
rape is not even pedophilia okay but
for crimes like murder
like this a murder like
this that is 100% proven
eh a suffering for any child
pedophilia rapes women
for me there I agree with a
prison like
secot and many years on death row
now then for other crimes not for
one for another type of crime or rather it is that
I believe that for me
real justice should separate the types
of crimes or rather and for some
types of crimes Roman justice the
justice of reintegration and for other types
of crimes not because there are people who are not
going to have reintegration into life
in
society so for certain
types of crimes of course no matter how many
years in prison it is that he gets out and there is
reintegration into society okay that
is what we have in Europe but for a
crime of
rape for a crime of
rape of a woman like for
example well anyway
amochi a kiss and look at what a pity the
animals don't Look what a pity the dog
that even tried to defend its
owner the dog super mistreated okay
super  mistreated and tried to defend his
owner you know He's already
healed he's already put up for
adoption of course the
animal in the face of his innocence no and his
loyalty tried to get into the
core to defend his his owner
man
what a shame really that there are
people like this in the world eh man Because you can
see better or worse things in life no
but in the end there are people who are
capable of doing something like this
But anyway let's go we're going to try some
gadgets well some let's
try some if the cold allows me
forgive me for having my voice
like this okay Electra today you're going to help me a
lot you
eh today you're going to help me a lot and I'm going to
get some gossip from here okay I'm going to get some
salt seal from here that I've
prepared family if you give me a like It's
okay
eh what's happening on the
main channel What is it wow what
crazy content no Today there is
a very strong video on the
main channel Today there is a very strong video on
the main channel there was another uh there
was a video today at noon but
last night I recorded two because they both
ran me  both of them were running at me both of them were
running at me the truth and the one about The one who gets on
in two or three hours eh it's going to be
very strong it's going to be very strong it's a
topic that's going to explode
a lot Jacki from Marbella bis from
Marbella City not from Marbella you're going to talk
about the participants and
and says but the extra for God's sake between me
with the voice that by itself I am as I am
speaking no eh
and between you writing to me like that What's wrong with you Jacki from Marbella talks about the participants and says that she had to jump to bein because of the hate that fell on her on social networks especially on Twitter because they announced the participation of Ari Gameplays and they also criticized her on
Twitter telling her if she was going to
dress like she was going to go to the funeral
no no
or from the 39 no no no no man a lot of hate
eh a lot of hate a lot of
hate my furer they are annoying what does that
mean my god
your theory was true what theory
Andy it seems that they only have
consideration for villin no Let's see it's not that they
only have consideration for villin
it's that I'm also telling you I mean if they have to
remove villin they have to remove Juniso they have to
remove Gameplay they have to
remove the carche they have to remove
the other one on the motorcycle but it is
true that in recent times topic topic
villin topic Gameplay and Juan Uf the three
are canceled
eh canceled eh what a theory of mine was
true the end point of this video my
people Marbella by we saw what fell to
sar after announcing the measure
first silence and then delete the
publications we have to protect them
that the baby is very sensitive well let's
listen to the
play I don't know if it would be because of
her sensitivity as
such It's that what good is it for you to delete the
publication in reality I mean you make
the announcement and the people that I know if they do
n't like it is a youtuber and they post
comments I am that in the end I
have a resistance for For example if they
put all those comments on me it has
happened no I have received several attempts
of funas in a super strong way with thousands and
thousands and thousands and thousands of people
insulting me and the truth is that in
general I usually don't give a damn I
mean I have my
community here who are the ones who
support me I can live off this very
quietly I dedicate myself to
what I like I live well I have the best family in the world the best wife the best children eh I live chill I have my house my car my motorcycle what do I care what they say the best bed the best C How many times have they tried to make fun of me like in a heavy way like you
know like
super full blast well I remember the
thing about trust you the nonsense about the
thing about the masi once a
day no no but Lili like not about
characters like those that
you refer to that doesn't get
anywhere and we laugh but the like
thousands of people like
trending topic well they tried to make fun of me
with the masi thing I mean that was
like super senseless s senseless
But like everyone sharing
the tweet but those are when Win michu brought
up your conversations That was pathetic
In what in what does this refute me in
anything that I do today I don't
know what I'm telling you you know
the like thousands of thousands of
thousands of thousands of people was that thing
that you mentioned was the thing about
otherwise yes it is like people s but of
course those are creators who maybe
a video that
I have made stays stuck in their minds for the rest of their lives and 7
years go by man well the gorgo was not there what
you mentioned about michu the gorgo
this the
gorgo Sharing that and it's like and this what is it what is it what
these conversations mean what is it that
contributes what is it you know the
masi issue all the gorgo the Agustín the I don't
know who the I don't know how much sharing my
tweet about the masi thing
insulting me as if it were the worst tweet
in the world and then you have accounts like
sh pop like there are a ton of
Twitter accounts that are super
worth it super challenging super such that yes that maybe they
put you play along the line of the
most aggressive humor you know and what I
put was [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean like I
have the Twitter account that I try to
make it like news and polls
and I put my clicks No my short and so on
eh I don't know I came up with that for
interactions but  it wasn't anything sexual or
anything, damn,
Jan's friend threatened, that guy
is criminally convicted for
threats, that guy is there, that guy is
convicted, you know how the [ __ ] are you going to tell
someone that you're going to blow their
head off, he's already warned you that one day we'll
meet you son of a [ __ ] I'm
going to, I mean, crazy Calm down a little, I
mean, come on, there wasn't even a [ __ ]
lack of respect and these are people that maybe I've given
them a little dressing down at some
point intellectually
eh with arguments and they stay and
stay and it's like I'm telling you, man, you know
So, at this point, the fact that
they sent me a tweet
announcing him is no joke, man, I mean, in a
video of in a Didi video of Puff
Daddy in a video of Puff
Daddy I hope you're as energetic when you
criticize your husband
Dallas, man, we're talking about a turkey
who has trafficked people, he
shot a
friend of his son in the stomach, eh, he's been accused of I do
n't know how many rapes, eh,
apparently forced to his producer  Sorry
sorry gibel moment
gubel moment in a puff video Daddy come on
dlas until when are they [ __ ] dude What can I
tell you yes But dala charged 2 in this
Jacki's voice my dear Jacki no ch the
40 the 40 we have it no the 40 no the 40 no
the 41 we
skipped it the 40 and we skipped one
because people are super disrespectful
friends that's what there is
then the girl presented well we have
had to question the publication because
what was happening was exorbitant the
truth sincerely Look I think it is
Sara who has asked for it to be
removed I think it is Sara who has
asked for the
TT to be removed Look realize this point
Look the girl presented well we have
had to the publication the girl
presented well we have
had to delete it or rather
this here the sentence has been cut off and there it was
going to say that the girl presented
has asked you to remove it or rather this has been
asked by Sara to delete it the T which
was exorbitant what was happening the
truth is what there is friends neither do I  I
start I start to question but but
who is 41 41 is villain friends
when we introduced him Here people
were very happy man but on Twitter
well there is a jury guys what there is
oh It's true when the debate
with but that is a story that the
Marta del Castillo issue when the
debate with Jacki there was another story
behind it I already explained to you at the time okay And
that was used for something else that was not
as such because they wanted to cancel me
Because I compared nothing that there was another
move behind in fact the cancellation
started like three or four days Not at the
time of the debate at the time of the debate
we were trending topic at the
time of the debate we were trending topic
and and no one I mean everyone
saw it the debate understood it we're
talking about a debate that had 12,000
viewers 11 or 12,000 viewers
trending topy all weekend
and it was Monday Tuesday taking advantage of a
trend on Twitter about something that
came out about the case eh And they used it
but it was for something else What do you want  from
Twitter friends, nothing can be done
against Twitter, for God's sake, the
cupcake is only disgusted on
Twitter. It's clear what we're running into
now, my people. Well, with a new
victim, she has established herself as one of the
best in role-playing. It's a pleasure to have you
here again. Welcome Sabrina,
I'm happier than a clam, my people.
They announced tetov under the circumstance. Well, the
same thing happened to her as to Bin. They've
given him a hard time everywhere. Here
too, people will go badly dressed to funerals.
A
slap, one of the best, well, one of the
best, I'd rather not say anything, one of the
best in role-playing, no one ever said, and
the famous 3 with 99 couldn't be missing. Hey
Jack, what do we do with this, let's act, and I
was freaking out the other day, doing
the math, what I earned from
pornography.
[Music]
uh,
I was freaking out the other day with what,
doing the math, uh. Because I don't know what we
were watching, I don't remember what
excerpt it was, I don't know if it was with
Pipe pino's video, where a tweet came out where
she talked about the paying subscribers she
had, and I think we did the math.  and of
course yes I know if it was sold for
3.99 we were talking about 12,000 or
something like that 11 12,000 euros which is like man it's
worth it for that of course maybe there
were
people who paid more or something but
come on I thought I was earning
a lot eh I thought I was earning
a lot a lot a lot no or what's
going on we only have consideration for
Germany Well nothing they have them between cottons
What are we going to do Well nothing
my people up to here We have arrived Oh let's
see as the icing on the cake that we have given
signs of
life again I went to Twitch to see what was there And
how boring the level is very low
and I bring you an
extra thing Juan guarnizo okay
also announced in
eh on instagram on the
Marbella Instagram bais okay it has 26 comments
this based anim based 26 comments
well How are the 26 comments well
some poop the dirty lawyer poop
everything everything very
poopy all the comments are
poop emojis look at a
heart So it seems that neither  they
have a lot of affection for Juan eh it's that
those people have already been stoned by the
media
eh I don't know to what extent if they keep
going, going, going, going, the years are
going to improve their image
eh I'm going to blow my nose, I'm going to blow my nose
okay let's
see oh man Javel
the flu makes me so angry to be like this man
because I can't speak I can't
breathe it's
totally overwhelming it's
totally overwhelming because people are making fun
of me because in my video the main one I
said 50
Cent they are making fun of me everyone in
my video the main channel
because on some occasions I have said 50
Cent look yesterday these people were telling me
Javi say F and I tried to say F to him
throughout the video but in my neighborhood all my
life When we were kids all my
life The man has always been 50
Cent all my life 50 Cent but because it's that it
's 50 that's what makes
sense look at it on the album well let's
see listen to me
Abi What's wrong with Abi Well he's had
a controversy with the podcast  del delox
okay before seeing the clip what I would do
would be because I didn't really see it I
saw a short I think it was
what I saw was a short
okay without fear of
success without fear of
success
Pereira Abi it was not
no without fear of success Pereira
Abi Let's
see have you ever done any
active promotion of and I saw a short but I do
n't know
exactly did he talk about the house as such No it
wasn't like for
Abi directly
no
opportunity to get to know the person
really why he is doing what he
is doing controversy with Abi that then
came through there the million to the point that in
fact then it ends up yti out
of heretics What is all this and what role did you
really play to see this 50 Cent
rather gives the 2
euros I will touch you throw me to the tip of my
[ __ ] today I am going to take away the
moderator that then they say that my
moderators are not Vera what falls to my
moderators Eh don't see what falls to
my moderators at least you can be
this touched
this also comes again from that
ignorance of mine also caught me
in the beginning and this  It comes from one that
I consider one that I never wanted to
say out of respect for the family of what
happened and it comes because Well I belong
and grew up with the Fortnite community no
and there was a boy who was 17 years old
named Garrido who is no longer with
us unfortunately and who had a
brain tumor they had seen that he had let's
see
I am shocked What happens that same
night also as you see how
the phones are 5 in the morning I'm talking to you
a tiktok comes up to me from Abi I didn't know
Who Abi was I get a tiktok from
Abi that a person in the chat says
I hope you die of a brain tumor that
was exactly what the That
Abi said That
Abi said Whoever it is let's hab happened Agar rdo
I couldn't believe it I said no
this can't be happening and the first thing I did my
first reaction of rage helplessness
to see how someone who did the same thing
as me could say that after what
I was just experienced I uploaded it to
Twitter I uploaded it and put But how this
aunt  can put these crazy things to say
these crazy things and I went to sleep at 5 in the
morning and what happened I wake up the
next day and suddenly I see that the
megaval tweet and I Wow at the same time the
best one gets in of course we didn't know each other there
This is a beast God I didn't know that eh
according to her it wasn't like that Now we see the one who
jumped the best one gets in and
what he does well to defend his friend
from that like I had defend
his friend from that defend his friend from
that
buah Hey we have the cli of what
Abi said we have the cli
dude can you tell me how to find the
cli literally to see if it's like that
or not Because of course now we have a
problem here And it is that Abi has been upset for
bringing up this
subject Remember that the best one was hitting on
Abi no well according to what the best one said
in the podcast he had something with her anyway
I get sidetracked by what
Pereira said he has been crying a little
How not without fear of success talking about
what happened to us Oh please it's been
4 years dude  can you help locate
the clip please tell me where to look for it
How to look for it or what to put to
find it 4 years uncle Pereira can you there
is no need to remove these things
especially if we are good things I do not
understand I mean what need What
need I understand that he did it also
to mess with the best but what
need on top of that he lies for he says II He
wished cancer on someone I don't know what it wasn't
even that it wasn't even that like it wasn't like it was like it makes it
even worse than it was
clear all the comments is
that AB are a person is that abid this is
this woman It's that brother I think we have it
eh I think we have it I think we have it
dumpi dumpi dum dum How are you the
same as saying this but when you were
with the admin it made me [ __ ] happy to see you
on social media and what a good couple you
made you have cancer you have a
very big tumor in your head that prevents you from
thinking son of a [ __ ]
so he just tilted me a lot Oh my
God Ah normally my cereb Ah She says
no how do you get this out of me that 4
years ago two
Oh my God normally my brain analyzes
the message and if it sees x words it doesn't read it  I don't
know what happened my defenses are
down damn I [ __ ] your dead
chat really thanks the cu months Thank you very much what is this
mother of God is called
selective memory a kiss
jamal what a
barbarity I loaded the page and you are
wishing it I do not know what happens a already you
finish breaking the m chat I'm going to close
Stream I mean it you guys are stupid what a
barbarity when I enter video with your
mom when I see her again
no Oy Pol we do not treat her eh est No I do
not remember having treated this
controversy meab of
scratching and to cheer her up they put videos of
akuma I see you sad Put
this Hey hey hey chat chat enough enough enough
this girl is everywhere
now that I think about it I have put
the uncut clip first
tremendously strong
eh tremendously
strong let's see wait I have forgotten see I have forgotten to see that surely around here I will put the T of Pereira no Pepe I comment that I have put has put this T this just came up on
tikt and I swear that this girl She is an idiot
but then it is the boys who are  unga
unga how strong you
Abi talks about her relationship with os loock, I
mean in the chat they asked her about os
loock how strong the
guy how strong eh Oh help a little Put
your part in you know perfectly well what m that
f***ing you dude [ __ ] helps little the
situation Damn I messed up then 4
years later he tells it he tells it wrong
in a podcast damn you diagnose it that's
not how it is okay let's leave the subject it's not
happening to me it has me what do you want me to do
Gabi No really I'm going to get pissed off it's that enci
dude It's what I
see before I DM me I have a padillo And I annoy myself Ah you know what I haven't seen but well is that I'm going to watch that topic because Oh It seems very strong to me that the best defended her here the fault is yours Pereira since he personified a comment based on a
circumstance that avid did not know what do you
want me to do Pereira Although let's see
clearly he personified it no no no
I do not agree kiss a kiss Thank you very much It's
not that he
personifies Pereira in his in his tweet he does
not tell him anything that he is saying it
for the  that kid from retic Pereira
says she's an idiot because of the
comment itself no no no he personifies it
that he precisely hurts her because it just
happened you know but he in the tweet
says This girl is an idiot but it's that the
comment Hey
[ __ ] we listen to abid again What a
need on top of that he's lying why does abid say He
wished cancer on someone I don't know what it wasn't even that it wasn't even that like it wasn't like that
Abi Wished cancer on I don't
know who
Pereira didn't say that
Pereira makes it even worse than it was
clear all the comments are that AB is a
person is that avid is exploding this woman
Don't tell me they've loved a quote quote
victim of something
exaggerating lying or distorting
before verifying or listening to your
version Oh you're screwed too
dude it's the same thing you see before I fell asleep I
have nightmares I
threw this paba
dude this idiot you know that on top of that at
least that at least shut up no at
least shut up about the subject it's funny to me
because akuma talks  n asmr to
say anything right dude eh the
other day I put Kuma on the news
because she said something really ...
because you like to ban and ban anything it
's our job but let's see it's a
pose in reality you don't have to
ban anyone it's a joke it's a joke it's a joke it's a
joke but let's see
poor Nico hasn't said anything he has enough he has enough he has enough no
but it's that you do
n't realize when they insult you But
because I don't
care Nico explain to us that you didn't
want to tell me this topic was super
powerful man I was trying but in
telesalseo
but enter salseo in his video of Dana
Paola d the review shows how he is
sending his followers to harass the
owner of the username Dana on Twitter
since she wanted that name and
was busy joso all a tantrum I don't
know what a joso is the extra you have me
fried today eh with this spelling I'm not
going to read you anymore the worst thing is that he sent his
team to offer only 00 for the account
some Dallas followers started
to post threatening messages to
Dana's wife from Dana sorry from Dana I say that's it, it
's danas who is to blame for this
controversy
listen to me Dana Paola
context wants to change her
stage name okay she wants to put @dana on
all her networks instead of Dana Paola she
puts it on YouTube she puts it on
Facebook she puts it on Instagram and on
Twitter the username has been taken
since 2006 okay the move she contacts
the lady Dana's team and
offers her 400
bucks 400 bucks let's see Of course if you
have an account with your name, I mean
imagine I was putting the example
the other day that I had the
Javi account I mean if I had the Javi account
man yes it's true that Javi
Oliveira That is highly valued eh That is highly
valued but of course a difficult account
because of course Javi Oliveira in reality
unless it's some follower it's not a
name that anyone was going to take from me for
example they have taken it from tikt I am not
able to find the person that I
remember also someone created it or
some follower who will no longer be among
us took Javi Oliveira Because I
refused to open a tiktok and says  Well, I'm
going to take the username, I
took it for the day that you
want to become a Tito, I'll give it to you and now
I can't find it and I've
reported it, I've complained to tisto and they
won't give me the username, which by
the way is the account of to. They still haven't
returned it to us and I'm missing out on a
ton of content because I have to upload
everything from the sanctuary. But anyway, Javi
oliveira on tiktok has taken it, I'm going to
offer him 400 bucks but man, imagine
no, names like
@jose @pe @dana Well, they've been taken since
2006, which is when
Twitter was created. Girl, what do I know? If you had
offered her 5000, the woman would surely
say I'll change it,
but no, no, the woman speaks with contempt of
the woman in her WhatsApp group. She even
insinuates in an audio like, "Oh, not for her."
Some of them sell
for 000, some even more, and the
ridiculous Ana Paola, with all the money she
has, intended to buy it for
400  000 is already something more striking but I
think dude if you give her 15,000 if you
give her 10,000 you offer the woman something like
that and for [ __ ] sake to the username
I for 15,000 I would not sell my
username But if I were an
anonymous person even if you have your account to
dedicate yourself to selling your art and such you do not care to
put Dana hyphen low low if they are
going to give you 15,000 bucks but 400 bucks
is like take I invite you know take I
invite you to some muffins take poor thing take
poor [ __ ] I do not give you 400 bucks and you give me
the give me my whim what an
insult And what happens is that when the
animated girl who thinks she is the
center of the world does not get what
she really wants what she does is
proceed to make a funa and use her
followers to bully a
Random from the internet 0000,000 So
we have to make a plan we have to
achieve something and she tells me to touch 400 is little
Javi pays me double that man 400
maybe I gave you for changing
sides they have to help because the lady
doesn't want to and I'm not going to pay her 00000 No you're
going to pay it but well the woman Here
's a move that I forgot to say
Oh I'm so stuck the woman asked him for
400,000 he said No no 400 No 400,000
of course they told her no and then the woman
came out to say that she asked for the 400,000
But because in reality she had no
intention of selling her the account
because she knew they were going to say no I
think it's not worth it I think that
the woman really asked for the 400,000
just in case it
worked yes yes 400000 it slipped away it slipped away If you
tell me 40,000 I see it as a
fair price 20,000 15,000 40,000 I would look into it
because it makes life easier for
a person who has a life  humble
more or less a normal job you know
like 40,000 bucks almost nobody has them
in the bank you know what I mean So
40,000 40,000 [ __ ] [ __ ] is worth it
you know it's a terrible thing and on
top of that it's also worth it to her because it's
your name your @ for your whole life
no longer as an artist she has put @ danana
Just danana something like that she has put like
super ugly she has put @dana danana
super lgo super ugly when in the rest
of the networks you have Dana I mean if I were
Ana Paola and I had the money that
she has surely [ __ ] Fix it
[ __ ] There's nothing that money can't
buy no or almost nothing c's that you
buy a lot of garbage that's not worth
that price to make you famous
right and look at what she says I say let's make
a plot So I'm
sure she spends 40,000 bucks on
something else I say let's make a plot
Or yes let's Give it to us It's that the
lady is my name what  balls that she has that she
gives it to us she doesn't give it to
everyone she gives it to you In any case
because this chick for what interests her she
says she lets us speak in plural it
pisses me off that she gives it to us it's my name of
course it's yours the balls you are an
egocentric chick who only knows how to look out for
herself you are going to speak in plural With what
square can you have the lady on her
Twitter what how strong and the lady with
her Twitter what as if saying the ci Army has God on Instagram [Music] Yeah and the lady with her Twitter what as if saying if she's a Random she's a [ __ ] Random no est he's basically saying because Of course She is Dana her name is hers as if there weren't millions of other people in
the world called Dana too and
with all the egocentrism it is measured
saying oh her Twitter what is it is that it is are
the way dude besides Random is
not going to use it give it to me
but on top of that The lady is
older than you so She was called
Dana before you were called Dana
The chick still thinks that  oh that's my
name give it to me imagine all those
called José or María claiming their
name on Instagram and Twitter damn
who has José let's see I'm going to look for it
Today it's Javi very handsome kacao 4 Love
cacao 4 Love cacao 4 Love a kiss What's up How's
my life
@ Jose
man [ __ ] alone I mean there's a guy who
has Jose obviously from 2006
obviously okay And he only has 14000
followers
man Jose @jose we buy you we buy his
account Hey this would be a powerful investment
Eh This is listen to me he's a producer in
meta
eh meta watch out eh it's not that Random and
ar
María @r Maria arr María Let's see who
has it man John sena follows her
John sena follows me too eh Look John
sena follows me
man [ __ ] fame I have eh
kid [ __ ] fame well the mess María
María I think this is German I don't think she
's a cousin of no no no no no I don't want her to
delete my Instagram account
too don't listen to me
eh Who are you kidding joking  joke joke
listen to me from
2011 in 2011 they caught they caught @a
María it took them so long
very black joke very black joke
listen to me And @ Javi I saw it the other day I
saw it the other day between gossip ar Javi
has verified the friend and everything you know
Movistar follows him he follows Movistar kid
Movistar follows me too but it's
that Movistar follows me Movistar It's that
fame man I buy this I buy this I
can buy it eh I mean I can
buy it if I want eh and
Javier Javier you you you T T you 4000
Followers
@javier from 2006 obviously but man I
was surprised by what happened to María Eh I was
surprised by what happened to María in 2011
man that would have to be because whoever it is
changed her I'm pissing the
gres shirt Well I'm waiting for
Red Bull to answer me who already answered me
saying that they were into them, right, the
level of egocentrism of a spoiled,
self-centered, conceited girl is that it is
unbearable  demonstrating
over many years the kind of
garbage character that this woman is and they
still continue to act famous and
applaud her nonsense and go to her
concerts Why why do you make such
extremely
nefarious people famous well let's see
eh the music if she likes music and the Let's
see she is a very good artist
to me the truth is that she seems to be a very good
artist and her personality is different
but horrible and toxic I do not understand it
I do not follow her eh I mean I have seen
the collaborations with Aitana
obviously because I do follow Aitana and she
is a good artist the truth Why does someone play along with
her nonsense what I
was saying here there are people with a lot of
birth to follow a leader or in this
case a leader and it seems
totally the same to them that they are following a
chick as absolutely nefarious and toxic
as Dana Paola and we have to tell them with
love or I mean how do we Ne this that
we put together a we have to tell it with
love says abe to 100000 followers who
have their Instagram account WhatsApp
WhatsApp do you follow me  on
WhatsApp everyone who is here
is in the WhatsApp group plan
because we are not achieving it that
we put together a plan Incredible as everything
that is for her she says t but that
we put together a plan
pay her Nicki Nicole yes or no
eh Diego for me for me not
much for me Not much not bad but
for me not
much of the Argentines María Becerra and
and
Emilia man let's see tini buah tini has
some songs that are some
very cool songs eh especially in the
previous era not the
current one especially the previous one in plural it
is our money but only she is going to use it
she is our user but only she is going to
use it it is really repulsive and
this caused Well a lot of
Twitch fans of Dan that she improved
being a fan of Ana Paola telling her a
lot of barbarities threats insults
to this girl telling her Well a lot
of things like
na pu de ade est pu I'll charge you eh
sir it doesn't cost you anything est it wouldn't be
happening if it were a tar apuri
delete your account we wanted to do it  the
good ones but since you don't cooperate, let's be the
bad ones, we're going to have to hire a
hacker, yes, as if things worked like that
and if we take down her account, we all have to
report it, delete your account, don't pay
a single peso for it if it's not the
good one, let's be the bad one, you get rid of the lu the
good ones You delete your account, the woman of
the account shared several screenshots
where you can see messages from
Anapola's followers telling her nonsense, it's like you
Blanca, pu you'll start coughing in three days. I do
n't know what she means by this, listen
carefully to your b you bastard, if you don't leave
our boss Dana alone, you're going to
regret it and you're going to wish you had never been
born. I hope you are very clear
about it, it doesn't make any sense,
right? Ana Paola's jealousy is so pathetic
that she doesn't even know what they're
saying. They use the first person and the
second person in a totally
random way, you damn b and I, but
apart from that, but
apart from that, what do you think you're going to
achieve? She doesn't give the review in her
video about Dana Paola, she says that she
has the  same personality that acted
in
Elite okay okay I think she's
like a ridiculous complex and egocentric person
who surrounds herself with the same type of
evil people a little bit of agreement eh a little bit
of agreement she sees it she sees it is
seen as necessary and you will say how is it possible
that there is so much garbage of
ridiculous characters following Ana Paola saying
what she says as if they were her
henchmen Well basically Because Dana
Paola has the exact same personality
nailed down the same one she played in
Elite because she didn't play anything is that
character and what is joined to this kind
of ridiculous people are other characters
just as complexed as herself
just as egocentric as herself who
are evil people and it's basically what
Dana Paola wanted other little girls
just as evil as her who are
happy to be part of the group that
bullies because girl started
responding to certain tweets that told her
she practically told her fans eh I
think that finally she's going to
end up giving in
for a price evidently she's
trying to
negotiate I think that finally there will be
negotiation I think this will end  with
the negotiation because come on I'm
Ana Paola's and the truth is it would really freak me out it would really freak me out it's [ __ ]
awesome to have that [ __ ] stolen [ __ ]
that she's
left with like 4000
I would accept You look incredible you changed
precisely today I look really bad
but it's because I have a super cold I
can't speak well I can't breathe well
and I'm super overwhelmed Now I'm going to
take some drops or
whatever I'm going to go try I'm seeing that it's
6:10 I'm going to try This I'm going to
try this thing man because I'm
seeing that the time is coming
that I have to go
eh Let's
see maybe you have a video on the
main channel in nads ima eh nads ima in a
little while
at 7 8 over there you have a video on the
main channel today there was a video on
the main channel also at
noon about 50 cen okay But now
there's one that's going to shock you
Javi asks me for one more Bin or a double
quarter pounder at McDonald's
jamal a bim more okay not a bim more
okay
no 50 sen of the whole life of Mr. uncle
stopped being
English stopped being so American let's
see the other day
something happened just no exaggeration eh Ivan can you
set the WhatsApp group
please by the way By the way by the way By the way by the way By the
way
now that Ivan is here he
just reminded me to
advertise telesalseo damn guys
we have changed the domain of the page
to call it telesalseo damn we are
improving it a little bit okay we are
trying to improve it as much as possible
because it had gotten a little out of
hand but now we are trying to
make it cleaner, prettier okay it is not yet it is not
good eh I mean it still
has flaws
but it is looking cleaner if you want to
contribute with any ideas or anything
talk to Ivan okay but telesalseo
will be
active right now the other day Oh I will open this
Google hater video But well I don't know if we
will have time because I have to comment on
this that is stronger the other day
this happened While I was recording the
news eh I swear  I swear I had
n't planned it I was
recording the news and this happened uh see
Paul had given some
direct ind I'm recording I'm commenting on
the gossip Javi how do you pronounce
Spiderman well How do you
spell not just some indirect
that could give the impression that he had
some beef with Sara or even some
fling with Auron but in such a
forceful way Never Ever had I
uttered And it's that he wanted to come out
here commenting on the gossip not to deny
any kind of rumor you're not going to
believe what just happened I had
Paule's tweet prepared to
read it here on the news I had I had
the tweet open okay And
suddenly when I go to read the tweet it says
the tweet is not available and the
replies to the tweet were coming up I say no I don't
believe it no it can't be no but and Auron just
blocked me your friends They
don't like me uh what's going on why they
have me blocked me dude While I was
recording the news no and then of
course what the [ __ ]  I told this one to
get like that, I
mean, I haven't said anything No, on the
contrary, I have given the information that there is that
she denies it, I don't know if
maybe it's that I don't know the truth, it doesn't seem to me that I have
said anything that could bother her, what a little
crystal, no, what little
crystals they all are lately,
no, what little crystals, no, they
all are lately, the chick has blocked me
but it's not that she has blocked
me. Oh, I don't know if I'm going to be able to
finish telling you this
gossip, I don't know if I'm going to be able to finish telling you this
gossip because I feel
really
cold, Paulet and Auron Play no longer
follow each other on Instagram. They sent me these
screenshots in the info group, you
know that we have an exquisite
group of people there who send us everything
throughout the day and they have been able to
see that
Paulet and Auron Play do not follow each other, here
you have Auron
Play's followers and here you have Paulet's followers
and Auro is not among
them,
therefore, conclusion: they have blocked each other or she has
has blocked him
Of course my theory my
theory
[Music]
ah I
find it
unfortunate that we're Here talking about
Paulette's block when dasas blocks
more joke joke joke we woke up
today and we had breakfast Miliki we had
breakfast Miliki we are super
funny listen to me listen to me
my theory Uh my
theory turns out that Paulette would have
spun and would have gotten
angry I don't see the like eh I mean I see very
few like I stay quiet until until
everyone has pressed the like
button I stay
quiet until
everyone presses the
like button my theory is that she would have spun
and would have come to
conclusions and her anger would come from she
blocked me and then she
blocked Auron
Play
that now this has nothing to do
with the rify raff that she had with
Sara eh that I already confirm that she
had
eh Let's see, I think it's more than obvious that
what has what has
happened to Paulette you today I am today I am today I am
with  an art and a grace is always
guilty you are always guilty of
gossip I'm tired of carrying all the
[ __ ] weight of the gossip okay I'm tired
but okay I'll tell you and I'm going now eh I
think
eh
paulete
has blocked me and has blocked auron
Play this has nothing to do with the
rify raff that he had with Sara okay he
had it I insist that he
had it and my
conclusion
would be
scavenger
Bro my conclusion the next okay
where I
arrive there is
side has seen this has seen that
and has
felt her ego as a woman
damaged and has
put the cards on the
table and has given the final blow and has
said I say this phrase And that's it and that's it I wo
n't say more in this video okay I
say this phrase and I won't say more in this
video absolutely everyone if they
want to know more they have to subscribe
to the Channel and press the like button on
this excerpt okay he hit
the
table or exactly
this
Ah no sorry no sorry sorry this would be
a puma this would be a puma not a
pum paulet
would have given it
is that you are [ __ ] clowns man you
don't stop I can give news  or I
can't give the [ __ ] news or what if I go
to the movies
quietly
Paulet has
felt her ego as a woman
damaged and has
said with this
block okay this block translates into I do
n't know if I should say it I don't know if I should
say it right The truth the
truth this block translates
into nobody denies me
[Music]
W And well then we have this
story about Raúl's brother eh who puts
while they earn money talking about
[ __ ] better than yours sons
of [ __ ] Thank goodness I'm nobody in
theory
eh really you sent me this
story and I don't know what you mean with
this eh I don't know if it's because all the
gossip channels are now talking and
all that nonsense not about these things
but it has
nothing to do with it There's nothing against
him nor is anything being said against
him but oh well eh We're going to
leave it here because Lorena is writing to me
since we have to go to the movies
and I hope you have enjoyed the
Stream okay in a bit there is a
video on the main channel stay
tuned because the movement is quite
big okay today and I have to look at a topic
I have to look at a  topic because the same thing the
same thing comes out live at night
with trium okay If not today maybe
tomorrow guys
see each other see each other see each other okay see each other keep an
eye on the main channel
please Oh and
listen to me Not only am I watching
but
also
4975 subscribers does the main channel right now I think
this I think this
coming month I think we're going to reach
500,000 I think we're going to reach half a
million subscribers this month
we're giving the main channel a hard time you're
freaking out with the content we
're making please check it out
everything is worth it Make sure you're subscribed and
all that stuff Bye guys get some
rest have a good time have a
good time this weekend and